 -Oz -e SN7474.gates SN7474.vhdl creates the .ivf file from the vhdl code
v2: 7 september - Sytem terminals were not included as modules.

v4: 14 september, 1989 - included incremental improvements to route & place, as well
                         as utilities, where sys terminal bugs were being eradicated

v5: 16 september, 1989 - addition of multiple partitioning rules, & partition info on 
			 icons.  -r flag inoperable.

v9: 11 October, 1989 - completion of partition placement, and box placement for multiple
		       non-trivial strings.  Modifications to spacings made to allow for
		       code labels in SCED.  1-level cc modules are recognized.

v9: 19 October, 1989 - code for complex strings, multi-level cc modules, and improved 
		      'greedy' algorithm for systerm placement.

v10a 20 October, 1989 - code for complex strings completed, post-script code generation
                        added.  Router switched back to "middle-of-available-space" rule,
                        with limited success (ranges were changed to try to protect the 
                        guilty)  Direction added to the connection matrix. (previous 
			versions have symetric connection matricies)

v10b 20 October, 1989 - Same as v10a, saving that an older router (v8->tight-turns) was 
			used, and the symetric connection matrix was restored. 
			Generally better results.

v11 24 October, 1989 - Old (tight-turn) router, with -m(matrix flag) so the signal 
		       dominance can be selected.  Interesting results, particularly for 
		       SN54S151.  Router bugs still extant.

v12 24 October, 1989 - placement changed to rely upon signal flow:  The dominant count of
		       in-out/in-in/out-out/out-in decides where to place the new 
	               partition.  Once the side has been decided, then something akin 
	               to the old gravity stuff is used.  Much better results for mux, 
		       demux examples.

v13 27 October, 1989 - Partitioning changed to replace the connected matrix row & column
		       for any cluster that is clipped from the cluster tree. (BUG FIX
		       This greatly improves placement for -p2 -p3 options.  Signal flow
		       now used to place boxes within the partition.   

v15 8 November, 1989 - Many bugs gone.  -n flag also creates a 'draft_stats' file 
		       containing a line of statistical information.  (Tight-turn router)
		       Results used for DAC paper.

v17 5 January, 1990 - working on router and printer bugs:  Nets are no longer started 
		      one position away from the module, and dots have been removed from
		      the module icons.  Also, joining dots have been added to the nets.
		      The router will still step on itself (n2a -s12 7474.ivf z and 
		      clock nets)

v18 24 January, 1990 - Some router bugs removed, beginings of corner-stitching code added

v19 1 February, 1990 - Cornerstiching code successfuly integrated.

iccd90 15 Feb, 1990 - Code used to generate ICCD '90 summary.  Contains mostly working 
		      code;  The router is horrible, but operational for the most part.  
		      The corner-stitching code has been debugged, but there are still 
		      algorithm problems.  The initial point chosen in the newtonian 
		      search may fall outside the bounds of the tile space, which is a 
		      problem.  Also, the function that lists all tiles along a line 
		      should probably list all tiles along a swath instead.

iccd90 16 Feb, 1990 - More bugs fixed.  OBSERVATION: angled insertion will not allow for
	              pin-alignment in most cases.  This is because the pivot/anchor
		      points are inside the tile.  For angled insertion to allow lineup 
	              to occur (a desired response) then one soln. is to select piv/
		      anchor points only on the edge of tiles (Nearest edge).  Another 
		      idea is do make seperate pass alignment. (Unresolved)

v20 May, 1990 -	     Last version of sw before new router was introdued.

v21 July, 1990 -     Includes new global router as developed for Dottie's course.  
		     Decision to move to the incremental router.  Arc-edge space mapped 
	             onto the tiles in the main page - Kern-style lee expansion global 
	             router, with home-grown local router.

v22 October, 1990 -  Includes a correct Global router;  The rip-up-&-reroute mechanism
		     seems to work, but the congestion model has been turned off.  
	             This appears to work on nets upto/including 7474,ivf

v23 November, 1990 - Includes all kinds of cleanup work for the local router, as well as
	             an add-on fix to the dreaded sliver bug.  Still has some bugs.

v24 December, 1990 - New Router completed.

v25 December, 1990 - Includes ANSI/IEEE Standard figures for standard gates. Router 
	             seems to be complete, and relatively bullet-proof.

v26 February, 1991 - Includes the beginings of the incremental Router.  Not completely 
                     debugged.  Incl. lots of minor changes, such as terminal placement,
	             and additions to the placer to handle multi-output modules, etc..

v27 February, 1991 - Includes the incremental router, new systerm placement, lots of 
		     improvements to the placer, especially in the gravity usage. 
	 	     Bugs in the clustering removed, and process blocks are handled
		     better, esp. if you hack the ivf a little.  The local router 
		     still has a lot of bugs, and the systerm placer has not been 
		     completely debuged.

v28 February, 1991 - Includes more fixes top the placer, esp. to the handling/discovery 
		     of complex	strings.  Some modifications to the local router.
		     Still not completely debugged.  Produces nice results using
	             the "example" script.

v29 March, 1991 - Includes a completely rewritten dependency-graph generator in 
		  "local_route.c"  Still has minor bugs.  "big-or.ivf" is a good,
		  "hard" problem for the dependency graph code.

           
v30 March, 1991 - Includes lots of minor changes, including the ANSI extendors
	          for AND NAND OR NOR XOR XNOR gates.  Many annoying bugs 
		  removed.  The partition-lineup code has been modified to pay 
	 	  attention to the furthest right /left terminals in the 
	          partition (see "best_side_part").  The systerm placement stuff
		  still seems a bit weak - it can probably still step on itself.
		  The code to seperate spans should be redone from scratch.
		  The "fixed terminal" problem still exists in the local router
		  if a third range seperates the two that are fixed.

v30 March, 1991 - More minor changes - version used for tcad paper.  Lineup code has
		  been improved, attempt at removing the opposing-pin routing problem
	 	  has been tried (unsucessfully  -corrected in v32).  A double-check 
		  is made of all systerms to insure they don't step on each other.

v31 June, 1991 -  Some small improvements, bug fixes.

v32 October, 1991 - Added the hand placement (-h) option.  Some (minor) cleanup of 
	            code and bug fixes.  Major code work in the Local Router addressing
		    net dependence issues - such as when fixed points on nets constrain
                    where other nets can fall.  Seems to be rather successful.  Added
		    the INVNOT icon to the lists.

		    There are four problems to be addressed - the round'about problem,
                    where the global router goes all over creation when congestion is
		    turned on;  The Multiple-path problem, where two columns contain 
                    the same net, and the local router collapses them to form a circle;
                    The column reuse problem, where the global router tries to put too 
	            much in a single tile.  There is also a problem with the way that
                    congestion is calcualted, in that crossovers should be estimated 
                    as well as corners, because they also degrade the diagram.

v33 March 1992 - Added the FPIS{} (Flat Process Icon Size) and FPPP{} (Flat Process
	         Pin Positions) options to the FP{} (Flat Process) .ivf construct.
	         This permits icon information to be read in, rather than derived.
	         Other changes?

v34 April 1992 - Added the -a, -b, and -o options to the command line.   These 
	         turn on/off automatic icon scaling, Xcanvas scaling, and determine
	         the output file.  "header.ps" file folded into "psfigs.c" - no longer
	         needed to produce output.

KNOWN BUGS - Local Router:
	     The jog insertion for completely constrained nets is not quite right.
	     The dependency-graph link that remains much be appropriately mached with the
	     corner that is used for separation - that is the separated corner MUST
	     BE APPROPRIATELY MATCHED to the dependency graph to insure that 
	     the ordering routines will place the right pieces of the now-broken
             net on the appropriate sides.

	     Also - there is an imbalance between how `delete_duplicate_corners'
             works for ->cx and ->cy cases.  Not completely understood.  Current code
             seems to work.

	     Global Router - still does not choose the appropriate route without 
	     congestion. (Round-about problem) This is a search problem.  Also, 
	     the congestion metrics don't seem to do much.
